# EM-BOT
EM-BOT as in EMERGENCY BOT.
This is an emergency rover for situations like global pandemics and natural disasters.
Yeah, it’s official, we all are in between a PANDEMIC!!!! It is us who are involved, and it should be us again who should be coming out of this disastrous thing out safe and sound.
Times like this show us who we are and who we owe to. We humans are helpless right now. We humans are scared to death of this pandemic, we all stand in this together and this is what makes us feel together. We should believe that times like this makes us who we are, a stronger person than yesterday and ready for  today.
We, at team <ASTUTE BOTS> are here to resolve or at least try to come to an approach for solving this problem faced by the public up to an extent. We here are trying to solve a global scale problem of the pandemic.
Astute Bots is working on a prototyped solution which can be used to abide by the working force during the pandemic like the medical staff or the police task force. We believe that “Robots” (Drones/Rovers )can be a game-changer for fighting coronavirus, by facilitating spraying disinfectants in hospitals and public places like railway stations & bus stands where involvement of people increases the risks of getting infected from COVID-19. Our solution can be used to keep the people off the streets during this global lockdown. The robots are enabled to perform multiple tasks which should be done during this lockdown. Activities like informing people about the lockdown, which is to spread awareness, spraying disinfectant sprays in the urban and the rural areas or the inaccessible areas.
Thermal cameras combined with image recognition algorithms are being implemented in our prototyped solution. Trying to incorporate them into mobile robots or drones could greatly expand the coverage of screening programs. The drone is enabled with the high-end YOLOv3 object detection software which can be used to detect a group of people. The website frontend is html/ css, JavaScript while the  backend servers use http requests, flutter app development and the IBM blockchain platform, Predictive analysis of next covid-19 outbreak region using TensorFlow and google maps api.
